doc: MCUboot Wrapper update (#6108)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/mcuboot/index-ncs.rst

.. _mcuboot_index_ncs:

MCUboot
#######

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

MCUboot is a secure bootloader for microcontrollers.

Overview
********

> The goal of MCUboot is to define a common infrastructure for the bootloader, the system flash layout on microcontroller systems, and to provide a secure bootloader that enables easy software upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCUboot defines a common infrastructure for the bootloader and the system flash layout on microcontroller systems, and provides a secure bootloader that enables easy software upgrade.
```
`the goal of` is not needed in my opinion.

Author: fixed

> MCUboot is operating-system and hardware independent, and relies on hardware porting layers from the operating system it works with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MCUboot is not dependent on any specific operating system and hardware and relies on hardware porting layers from the operating system it works with.
```
To avoid writing `operating-system- and hardware-independent`

Author: fixed

> Currently MCUboot works with the various operating systems and SDKs like `Zephyr`_ and nRF Connect SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently MCUboot works with the various operating systems and SDKs, such as `Zephyr`_ and the nRF Connect SDK.
```

Author: fixed

MCUboot is an open governance project.
See the `membership list <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/wiki/Members>`_ for current members, and the `project charter <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/wiki/MCUboot-Project-Charter>`_ for more details.

Content
*******

> 

Reviewer: Add line of introduction, as we're not using the "Subpages" here?
```suggestion
MCUBoot documentation is composed of the following pages:
```

Author: Ok, fixed

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   release-notes.md
   design.md
   encrypted_images.md
   imgtool.md
   ecdsa.md
   readme-zephyr.md
   readme-ncs.rst
   testplan-zephyr.md
   release.md
   SECURITY.md
   SubmittingPatches.md

Roadmap
*******

> The issues being planned and worked on are tracked using GitHub issues. To give your input, visit `MCUboot GitHub Issues <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/issues>`_.

Reviewer: Linebreak for second sentence?

Author: fixed

Browsing
********

You can find additional documentation on the bootloader in the source files.
For more information, use the following links:

> * `boot/bootutil <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/tree/main/boot/bootutil>`_: The core of the bootloader itself.

Reviewer: Blank line above this line?

Reviewer: Also, I think hyphens would work better than `:` here.

Author: right, fixed

* `boot/boot_serial <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/tree/main/boot/boot_serial>`_: Support for serial upgrade within the bootloader itself.
* `boot/zephyr <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/tree/main/boot/zephyr>`_: Port of the bootloader to Zephyr.
* `imgtool <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/tree/main/scripts/imgtool.py>`_: A tool to securely sign firmware images for booting by MCUboot.
* `sim <https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot/tree/main/sim>`_: A bootloader simulator for testing and regression.

> Joining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joining the project
```

Author: fixed

*******

Developers are welcome!

Use the following links to join or see more about the project:

> * `Our developer mailing list <https://groups.io/g/MCUBoot>`_

Reviewer: `Our` > `MCUBoot official`?
Here and in line 65?

Author: fixed
